unfortunately Joe and I couldn't be here
he says f rails graduate he's a
zephyrhills resin so he had a Bergen an
unbiased source for this Tracy Johnson
regional sports are Tracy tell me about
zephyrhills Oh John this year it's
Bulldogs all the way in a way baby gonna
take the district gonna be the top team
in the county state I'm talking State
John date pretty useless they all need a
lot of work still a lot of them are
played last year but if they can
overcome you know their attitudes and
you know come together and play as a
team it's there the potentials their aim
like this it's hard to tell especially
when when you split your lineup every
year and especially this year they're so
young there's you know if we had to put
a starting lineup out there offensively
we'd have two freshmen starting and you
know a couple sophomores and that's
unusual hey guys uh from last year he
was kind of me wasn't experienced users
were young so I think sometimes you kind
of force some things when he didn't have
to he's working on his footwork he's a
lot more Mobile in the pocket he's
moving around and making plays that he
probably wouldn't a made last year he's
just being more patient and finding the
open guy Brian Commodore he looked real
good he um he was ready he told me was
ready for the scrimmage and he's got
he's been running like that offspring
he's just running with a purpose he
wants to show that he can be at starting
running back next year he's making his
case for it it's now Sampson who didn't
play last year he's coming back he's
probably most talented player on the
team we are an experienced up front
we've been working on it all spring
everybody on offensive and defensive
line have gotten better so the skill the
skill guys are just working harder
because we know we got to carry that
much more
hello I'm izzy gould hello I'm Bob
Putnam this is Friday night rewind the
second season Bob we had a lot of great
games in the bay area this evening yes
we did plant norm would really stood out
here's Erin Murray dropping back for a
pass to Alan Sampson for the touchdown
do ya are you freaking kidding me that's
not friday night rewind there's no fun
there's no providing there's no video
highlights there's no shout outs that
makes my stomach hurt Booya oh god they
got to you too this is Friday night
rewind
this is Friday night rewind